HELP.md, before:

# General Commands
   ## Usage:
   > Type "mama" <command> <sub_command> in your discord chatbox

   ### 🐙 **-help**
   > `"mama -help"` responds by giving a list of all available commands,
   - Every command will also give you a link to the github page, at the bottom of each response

   ### 📆 **-time**
   > `"mama time" <name_of_country/city/state>`
   - Gives the time of day, time, and date in a location
   - Can also be abused to look up pants
   - "pudding -time Japan" gives you the time in Japan's capital city, Tokyo
   - "pudding -time Jacksonville" gives you the time in Jacksonville, Florida
   - "pudding -time Iowa" gives you the time in Iowa's capital city

   ### 👖🩳 **-pants**
   > `"mama pants"`
   - Gives you a random picture of pants

   ### ☦ **-preach**
   > `"mama preach" <name_of_country/city/state>`
   - sends a random bible verse, plus the bookname, chapter, and number

# 👮‍♂️💂‍♂️ Valorant Bravery Commands
   ### 🎲🥞 **-roll** 
   > `"mama roll"` 
   - Rolls a set of *random* `Agents` and `Weapons` to use <ins>for the entire match</ins>
   - 3 free and 3 contract Valorant `Agents`
   - 3 different `primary` weapons 
   - 2 different `sidearms` (pistols)
   ### 🚒🔥 **-brave**
   > `"mama brave"` 
   - Need a *better* weapon? Be brave and **roll** for a `single round`. 
   - You *might* get a different weapon, but you'll have to use it <ins>until the round ends</ins>

# ✨🥰 Special Commands
   ### 🍆💦 **-Coom**
   > `"coom"`
   - doesn't require any Mama prefix,
   - type `Coom`, then input any 1-5 digit number
   - Mama slime bot will message you a link

Commit message:

Cleaning up commands
Fixed descriptions, moved commands to archived/broken

HELP.md, after:

# General Commands
   ## Usage:
   > Type "mama" <command> <sub_command> in your discord chatbox

   ### 🐙 **-help**
   > `"mama -help"` responds by giving a list of all available commands,
   - Every command will also give you a link to the github page, at the bottom of each response

   ### 📆 **-time**
   > `"mama time" <name_of_country/city/state>`
   - Gives the time of day, time, and date in a location
   - Can also be abused to look up pants
   - "pudding -time Japan" gives you the time in Japan's capital city, Tokyo
   - "pudding -time Jacksonville" gives you the time in Jacksonville, Florida
   - "pudding -time Iowa" gives you the time in Iowa's capital city

   ### ☦ **-preach**
   > `"mama preach"`
   - sends a random bible verse, plus the bookname, chapter, and number

# 👮‍♂️💂‍♂️ Valorant Bravery Commands
   ### 🎲🥞 **-roll** 
   > `"mama roll"` 
   - Rolls a set of *random* `Agents` and `Weapons` to use <ins>for the entire match</ins>
   - 3 free and 3 contract Valorant `Agents`
   - 3 different `primary` weapons 
   - 2 different `sidearms` (pistols)
   ### 🚒🔥 **-brave**
   > `"mama brave"` 
   - Need a *better* weapon? Be brave and **roll** for a `single round`. 
   - You *might* get a different weapon, but you'll have to use it <ins>until the round ends</ins>

# ✨🥰 Archived Commands
   ### 🍆💦 **-hentai**
   > `"mama hentai <integer from 1-99999>"`
   - Something changed in the target site, and broke fetch() 

   ### 🗺✈️ **-translate**
   > `"mama translate <enter foreign text>"`
   - API Key from Google was lost because I deleted the account
   - Just need to create a new one

   ### 👖🩳 **-pants**
   > `"mama pants"`
   - Gives you a random picture of pants
   - Dogpile image changed something, and broke fetch()
